:stands in the darkness at the back of the stage as the music starts; a subdued beat overlaid with a pure, sharp guitar tone moving slowly through a melody in a minor key, the thum-thum-thum-thum-thum of repeated bass notes beneath that. After a good half-minute, the guitar drops slightly to the background, the vixen stepping out of the darkness, singing with a low voice, the words slow and plodding... "Legion moves over the land, softly he whispers, his forces command. Naked she lies on the crucifix, crying, the tears of the innocent die..." as she sings, a piano joins, the same slow, plodding sound, though slightly more upbeat than the guitar's melody.

:takes a breath, the piano continuing to play those slightly-upbeat chords, and her voice slips in behind three particularly upbeat piano chords, the vixen herself barely moving on the stage, her gaze into the audience harsh, fiery. "The dragon slides between her thighs," and then repeats, "The dragon slides between her thighs. The dragon breathes the fire, as blood drips from her eyes, until delivered of the child..."  She steps back into the darkness as an indistinct chant spills from the speakers, drums filling beneath it.

:waits until the the beat returns to its normal pattern, though quite a bit faster now, and dives into the main body of the song, much more animated. "And all the leaders of the nations follow single file; and all the brothers of the legion drift upon the Nile to face the beast, in all its ecstasy and dreams of our betrayal, as love will die within the force that drains it from the grail." She headbangs a bit, getting into the beat, the guitar line picking up in the background, adding to the growing intensity of the song.

:is almost bouncing to the music at this point, the song having really gotten moving; the vixen belts out the second half of the verse: "She drinks the blood of prophets, and she drinks the blood of saints; Between her legs they crawl in torment, for the souls they lay to waste upon the altar..." She looks down, and the last word holds, but only briefly; the song drives forward unabated...

:takes another breath, quickly, her head snapping up, eyes intense, locking briefly to Toxic's gaze; she holds her arm out towrds the audience, fingers spread, her voice a bit higher in pitch, strong, crisp. "The sacrifice begins! The dragon takes another, and feeds upon his sins, to live and breathe again!" Her voice drops lower again, chin dipping, "Under the night, under the liar, into the night, into the fire..." With that last word, the guitar hits a strong, held chord, and the song slows suddenly; the guitar fades, the beat slows, and the piano picks up again, still playing that almost happy under-melody beneath the rest of the music.

:lowers her arm, and the vixen's movements slow, the music taking on that slow, plodding feel again. "Is this the coming of the day?" She holds the note, reverb adding emphasis, "As the alliance of the dragon takes its prey." The piano continues its meandering melody, "Is this the call of revolution?" More piano. "Is this the fall of revolution of the soul? Is this the cry from all corruption? Or is corruption just a fortress we bestow?" More piano, during a brief pause between lines.

:remains almost motionless, though looks up to the audience again, drums shifting through various fill patterns as the song moves to what could probably best be described as its denouement. "And if you're looking for the answer, and if you're looking for the light that leads the way..." She holds a paw to the audience again, fingers together, looking amongst the audience members, smiling a moment at Neva; the sharp tone of that guitar picks up beneath the piano, and she belts out crisply, "Take my hand and I will lead you, where the torture and the pain will drift away..."

:lowers her head, with the briefest of glances to the audience, voice dropping once more, "Stay with Me..." she starts moving slowly backwards, repeating that last line, "Stay... with me...", then slowly disappears into the darkness at the back of the stage, the words fading into the music, "Stay..." the guitar plods onward, the piano still playing beneath it, the music fading, lights slowly dimming to nothing, and then... silence.


[performed 2018-12-21; active: Srass, Hrliss, Alinsa, Toxic, and Neva; inactive: Gyroe, Kerosel, Kahlim]
